HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS WITHOUT
POWER IN THE SOUTH.
EVEN DELAYED VALENTINE'S DAY
FLOWERS.
THE LATEST WINTER STORM HAS
MOVED ON, BUT THE EAST COAST IS
STILL DIGGING OUT FROM IT'S
WAKE.
GOOD EVENING, I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
ALSO AHEAD, A SWING TO
CALIFORNIA.
WHERE THE PROBLEM ISN'T THE SNOW
OR THE COLD, BUT A HISTORIC
DROUGHT, STRAINING TOWNS AND
FARMS ACROSS THE STATE.
>> WITH THE SO-CALLED RAINY
SEASON HALF OVER, THE STATE
REMAINS IN BAD SHAPE; WITH
RESERVOIRS FAR BELOW CAPACITY,
AND RIVERS TRICKLING LIKE IT WAS
SUMMER.
AND THE STATE'S HUGE
AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTION IS IN
JEOPARDY IN THE CENTRAL VALLEY
AS GROUNDWATER IS BECOMING
SCARCE.
>> Woodruff: AND IT'S FRIDAY,
MARK SHIELDS AND DAVID BROOKS
ARE HERE TO ANALYZE THE WEEK'S
NEWS.
THOSE ARE JUST SOME OF THE
STORIES WE'RE COVERING ON
TONIGHT'S PBS NEWSHOUR.